Jenkins: 2022 Election Announcement blog post (#5615)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2022/10/2022-10-20-jenkins-election-announcement.adoc

---
:layout: post
:title: "Jenkins Board and Officer Elections 2022"
:tags:
- community
- governance
- governance-board
- elections
authors:
- kmartens27
description: >
    Nomination and voter registration period 2022 now open for Jenkins Board elections.
links:
  discourse: true
opengraph:
  image: /images/governance/elections/2022/2022-opengraph.png
---

We are excited to announce the 2022 Jenkins Governance Board elections!
The nomination and voter registration period is now open.
Nominations can be submitted for two link:/project/board[governance board] positions, and all five link:/project/team-leads/[officer] positions (Security, Events, Release, Infrastructure, and Documentation).

Many thanks to link:https://github.com/halkeye[Gavin Mogan] and link:https://github.com/ewelinawilkosz[Ewelina Wilkosz] for serving on the link:https://www.jenkins.io/project/board/[Jenkins Governance Board].

> We also want to thank link:https://github.com/dduportal[Damien Duportal] as link:https://www.jenkins.io/project/team-leads/#infrastructure[Infrastructure Lead], link:https://github.com/wadeck[Wadeck Follonier] as link:https://www.jenkins.io/project/team-leads/#security[Security Officer], link:https://github.com/alyssat[Alyssa Tong] as link:https://www.jenkins.io/project/team-leads/#events[Events Officer], link:https://github.com/timja[Tim Jacomb] as link:https://www.jenkins.io/project/team-leads/#release[Release Officer], and link:https://github.com/MarkEWaite[Mark Waite] as link:https://www.jenkins.io/project/team-leads/#documentation[Documentation Officer] for all of their work over the last term. 

Reviewer: should use relative links for all www.jenkins.io links so that preview site / development doesn't send you off to production site

Author: Ah, that definitely makes sense. I was able to update the links to be relative, and still work as intended. Thanks very much @timja!

These roles are crucial to the expanding community and continued progress of Jenkins.
This is an opportunity for Jenkins contributors and community members to sign up to vote in elections, and acknowledge other community members by nominating them for a position.

The election has 3 stages:

> * Nomination and voter registration (October 20 - November 17)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Nomination of candidates (October 20 - November 10)
* Voter registration (October 20 - November 17)
```

Once registration is over, a list of email addresses will be sent to the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Internet Voting Service].

=== Contributing

As shown on the link:/participate/[Participate and Contribute] page, there are many different ways to contribute to Jenkins. You can contribute by:

* link:https://www.jenkins.io/participate/connect/[Connecting with the community]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/participate/meet/[Joining or organizing a meetup]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/participate/code/[Contributing code to Jenkins]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/participate/help/[Helping Jenkins users]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/doc/developer/internationalization/[Translating Jenkins resources]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/participate/test/[Testing Jenkins core and plugins]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/participate/document/[Contributing to Jenkins documentation]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/participate/design/[Creating art or updating the Jenkins UI]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/participate/review-changes/[Reviewing open pull requests]
* link:https://www.jenkins.io/donate/[Donating to Jenkins]

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

== Nominations

During the registration period, we invite community members to nominate candidates by sending a message to the link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-committee[election-committee] group.
In your message, please include the name of the nominee, the specific position and your reasons for nominating that person.
The nomination period ends on *November 14*.
Nominees will be notified, and asked to confirm that they are interested in running as a candidate.
The list of candidates will be announced on November 17.

*Anyone can nominate candidates.*

For the 2022 election, nominations are open for the following positions:

* link:/project/governance/#governance-board[Board members]
* link:/project/team-leads/#documentation[Documentation Officer]
* link:/project/team-leads/#events[Events Officer]
* link:/project/team-leads/#infrastructure[Infrastructure Officer]
* link:/project/team-leads/#release[Release Officer]
* link:/project/team-leads/#security[Security Officer]

Additional information about the roles can be found on the link:/project/team-leads/[team leads] page.

== Election

> On November 17, candidates will be announced, and all registerd voters will be notified by email to participate using the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Voting System].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On November 17, candidates will be announced, and all registered voters will be notified by email to participate using the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Voting System].
```

All votes must be submitted by December 2.

== Results

As soon as the votes are counted, the results will be published.
The new term starts on December 3, when the newly elected members will transition to their roles.

== Key dates for the 2022 elections

* *October 20*: Voter registration and nominations open
* *November 14*: Nomination deadline
* *November 17*: Candidates announced, registration closes, voting period begins
* *December 02*: Voting period ends
* *December 07*: Results announced

== Key information

* Anyone can nominate a candidate, by sending a private message to the link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-committee[election-committee] group.
* Voters must register for the election by joining the public link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2022[election-voter-2022] group no later than *November 17th*.
* Participant emails are shared with the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Voting System], which will invite users by email to participate.
* Once the invitations are sent from the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Voting System], registration closes.

> * Aftrer the election, every member of the group link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2022[election-voter-2022] will receive a “2022 Election Participant” badge on link:https://community.jenkins.io[community.jenkins.io].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* After the election, every member of the group link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2022[election-voter-2022] will receive a “2022 Election Participant” badge on link:https://community.jenkins.io[community.jenkins.io].
```

---
:layout: post
:title: "Jenkins Board and Officer Elections 2022"
:tags:
- community
- governance
- governance-board
- elections
authors:
- kmartens27
description: >
    Nomination and voter registration period 2022 now open for Jenkins Board elections.
links:
  discourse: true
opengraph:
  image: /images/governance/elections/2022/2022-opengraph.png
---

We are excited to announce the 2022 Jenkins Governance Board elections!
The nomination and voter registration period is now open.

> Nominations can be submitted for two link:/project/board[governance board] positions, and all five link:/project/team-leads/[officer] positions, namely: Security, Events, Release, Infrastructure, and Documentation.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Nominations can be submitted for two link:/project/board[governance board] positions, and all five link:/project/team-leads/[officer] positions (Security, Events, Release, Infrastructure, and Documentation).
```

> Thank you to link:https://github.com/halkeye[Gavin Mogan], link:https://github.com/ewelinawilkosz[Ewelina Wilkosz], link:https://github.com/dduportal[Damien Duportal], link:https://github.com/wadeck[Wadeck Follonier], link:https://github.com/alyssat[Alyssa Tong], link:https://github.com/timja[Tim Jacomb], and link:https://github.com/MarkEWaite[Mark Waite] for all of your work over the last term. 

Reviewer 3: Could the role of each one be added?

Author: Yes, for sure! I just finished adding them in.

> Thank you to link:https://github.com/halkeye[Gavin Mogan], link:https://github.com/ewelinawilkosz[Ewelina Wilkosz], link:https://github.com/dduportal[Damien Duportal], link:https://github.com/wadeck[Wadeck Follonier], link:https://github.com/alyssat[Alyssa Tong], link:https://github.com/timja[Tim Jacomb], and link:https://github.com/MarkEWaite[Mark Waite] for all of your work over the last term. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Thank you to link:https://github.com/halkeye[Gavin Mogan], link:https://github.com/ewelinawilkosz[Ewelina Wilkosz], link:https://github.com/dduportal[Damien Duportal], link:https://github.com/wadeck[Wadeck Follonier], link:https://github.com/alyssat[Alyssa Tong], link:https://github.com/timja[Tim Jacomb], and link:https://github.com/MarkEWaite[Mark Waite] for all of their work over the last term. 
```

These roles are crucial to the expanding community and continued progress of Jenkins.

> This is an opportunity for Jenkins contributors and community members to sign-up to vote in elections, and acknowledge other community members by nominating them for a position.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This is an opportunity for Jenkins contributors and community members to sign up to vote in elections, and acknowledge other community members by nominating them for a position.
```

> The deadline for nominations and voter registration is *November 9th*.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The deadline for nominations and voter registration is *November 9*.
```

Participation in the election process requires an account on link:https://community.jenkins.io[community.jenkins.io].
You can use your Github account or create a new discourse account for link:https://community.jenkins.io[community.jenkins.io].

> Additionally, you must be able to showcase at least one contribution done before the September 1st, 2022.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Additionally, you must be able to showcase at least one contribution made before September 1.
```

> As mentioned on link:/participate/[jenkins.io/participate], they are many different ways to contribute to Jenkins despite having different scopes.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As mentioned on link:/participate/[jenkins.io/participate], there are many different ways to contribute to Jenkins, which makes it difficult to consistently measure contributions.
```

> This makes it difficult to consistently measure contributions.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```

> Therefore, we are trusting participants and not requiring that you provide evidence of contribution as part of your voter registration.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We have made the decision to trust participants and not require that you provide evidence of contribution as part of your voter registration.
```

> We reserve the right to ban the specific account from the election process if we identify abuse.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We reserve the right to ban any account from the election process if we identify abuse.
```

The election has 3 stages:

* Nomination and voter registration
* Voting

> * Results announcement

Reviewer 3: Could the deadline be added here as well or would it be too much?

Author: Yup, I don't think it's too much, and it's probably best to highlight the important info such as dates/time frames. I've added them in, thanks for the suggestion @alecharp

== Voters

> To be eligble to vote, we need to submit a list of email addresses to the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Internet Voting Service].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To be eligble to vote, we must submit a list of email addresses to the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Internet Voting Service].
```

> We ask that all community members that are interested in voting, and meet the requirements, join the group link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2022[election-voter-2022] on link:https://community.jenkins.io[community.jenkins.io].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We ask all community members who are interested in voting, and meet the requirements, to join the group link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2022[election-voter-2022] on link:https://community.jenkins.io[community.jenkins.io].
```

> The group will be open to join during the registration period.

Reviewer 3: This seems odd after the list of steps of the election. Could it be merged with line 29-35?

Author: Yes, I definitely see what you mean, and have reworked the Voters section to include the information from above. I'll be sure to follow up once I commit the changes.

> The group will be open to join during the registration period.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The group is open to join during the registration period.
```

== Nominations

> Also during this period, we invite community members to nominate candidates by sending a message to the link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-committee[election-committee] group, mentioning the position and the motivation.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We invite community members to nominate candidates by sending a message to the link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-committee[election-committee] group. In your message, please include the name and contact information for the nominated person, the specific elected position and your reasons for nominating that person.
```

> On November 9th, the nomination period will end.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
On November 9, the nomination period ends.
```

> Nominees will be notified, and asked for confirmation that they are interested in running as a candidate.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Nominees will be notified, and asked to confirm that they are interested in running as a candidate.
```

> The list of candidates will be announced on November 14th.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The list of candidates will be announced on November 14.
```

*Anyone can nominate candidates.*

For the 2022 election, nominations are open for the following positions:

* link:/project/governance/#governance-board[Board members]
* link:/project/team-leads/#documentation[Documentation Officer]
* link:/project/team-leads/#events[Events Officer]
* link:/project/team-leads/#infrastructure[Infrastructure Officer]
* link:/project/team-leads/#release[Release Officer]
* link:/project/team-leads/#security[Security Officer]

Additional information about the roles can be found on the link:/project/team-leads/[team leads] page.

== Election

> On the 17th of November, candidates will be announced and everybody that registerd will be notified by email to vote using link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[civs.cs.cornell.edu].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
On November 17, candidates will be announced, and every registered voter will be notified by email to vote using link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[civs.cs.cornell.edu].
```

> Once candidates have been annouinced, registration will be closed.

Reviewer 3: It might be good to emphasis this no?

```suggestion
Once candidates have been announced, registration will be closed.
```

Author: thanks for catching that! I added some emphasis to it, so hopefully it stands out better

> Once candidates have been annouinced, registration will be closed.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Registration to vote closes as soon as candidates are announced on November 17.
```

> The voting deadline is the 1st of December.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
All votes must be submitted by December 1.
```

== Results

> As soon as the votes have been counted, the results will be published.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As soon as the votes are counted, the results will be published.
```

> The new term will start on December 3rd, at which point the elected members will transition to their new roles.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The new term starts on December 3, when the newly elected members transition to their roles.
```

> == Key Dates

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Key dates for the 2022 elections
```

> * Oct 20: Voter registration and nominations open

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* October 20: Voter registration and nominations open
```

> * Nov 14: Nomination deadline

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* November 14: Nomination deadline
```

> * Nov 17: Candidates announced, registration closed, voting period begins

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* November 17: Candidates announced, registration closes, voting period begins
```

> * Dec 02: Voting period ends

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* December 2: Voting period ends
```

> * Dec 07: Results announced

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* December 7: Results announced
```

> == Key Information

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
== Key information
```

> * Candidates can be nominated by anyone, by sending a private message to the link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-committee[election-committee] group.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Anyone can nominate a candidate, by sending a private message to the link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-committee[election-committee] group.
```

> * Voters must register for the election by joining the public link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2022[election-voter-2022]group no later than *November 17th*.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Voters must register for the election by joining the public link:https://community.jenkins.io/g/election-voter-2022[election-voter-2022] group no later than *November 17th*.
```

Author: good catch, I hadn't noticed that one. I updated this accordingly and should now render correctly.

> * Participant emails will be shared with the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Voting System], which will notify and invite users to participate.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Participant emails are shared with the link:https://civs.cs.cornell.edu[Condorcet Voting System], which will invite users by email to participate.
```
